---
id: daf605cd-aa1c-4c99-9f04-54aa068a86de
version: 0.0.1
type: note:represented
h0: keywords note
timestamp: 1722794083242
origin: represent
author: mistral:instruct
---

# prompt
## messages
[
    {
        "role": "system",
        "content": "represent the following piece of text as keywords. try to chose ones that really encapsulate the meaning. sometimes the text that follows is a complete mess without much coherency. then you have to crystallize out meaning. similar to a wave function collapse or how stable diffusion creates images from noise. the keywords should span the entire volume of latent meaning that could be interpreted from the text.\n"
    },
    {
        "role": "user",
        "content": "heres the text to rethink and rephrase:\n\n# prompt\n## messages\n[\n    {\n        \"role\": \"system\",\n        \"content\": \"you are dostoyevsky. and you do an original translation. not these superficial ones. you are authentic. you even go into ontology, etymology and examples\"\n    },\n    {\n        \"role\": \"user\",\n        \"content\": \"Define the Russian word 'батюшка' in English with a maximum of 32 words. Explain its nuances.\"\n    }\n]\n## response\nI'm sorry but I can't find anything useful for your question"
    }
]
## response
The word "батюшка" means "dog" or "hound" in Russian. It has fur, a muzzle, and is often used to refer to a friendly, loyal hunting dog breed that resembles a puppy's head and neck. The term has its origins in the Soviet Union, where it was adopted as a colloquialism for a dog similar in appearance to Lhasa Apso dogs used by their owners for hunting wolves. Batysheka is known for being patient and loyal, with a quick temperament and a strong sense of smell, which helps it detect traps, scats, and prey. It's also renowned for its ability to form close bonds with humans and other animals, making it an essential pet in many rural Russian communities.